Dear Shabbirali
Greetings from Extension Technologies!

Please find the details in blue as you want 
Thanks for your prompt response.



1. Please share duration of each modules - Attachment Linked With add column Approx duration 

2. Please suggest complete steps from implementation/understanding needs to till complete live at our office and support etc. Duration- We will share a project link for your Implementation with all task before starting Implementation. 

3. Is hosting on client-server cost is right?  -Yes

4. What is custom print - ERP Next gives standard print for all form but if you want your own design that will be cost after 10 prints.

5. Please let me know website creation cost with number and which pages details - it's subject to discuss.

6. To implement this erp what all docs/information you will be needed (please detailed list/sheet if any - so we can start working on the same meanwhile) - Charts of Accounts/ Item list/ Customer list/ Vendor list/ Company Details/ Bank Details and Depends on module. 

7. What is API links? - Like you can integrate your India Mart/Web Site account with CRM and Integrate account with tally etc.

8. Whatever the modules are there you have mentioned all, hope nothing is pending so i can also look into it.? -Yes All modules are there only domain can me change like Retails/ Healthcare/ distribution / Agriculture etc.

Please feel free to contact us in case of any queries. 

Thanks  & Regards
Prashant Verma
9999336281 



I am looping my partners also @Mohsin, please do add if any points

On Mon, Aug 17, 2020, 7:25 PM Prashant Verma <prashant@extensionerp.com> wrote:
Dear Shabbirali Ji,

Greetings From Extension Technologies!

Thanks for giving us a chance to present ERPnext demonstration. We hope this demo would have given you the confidence in our application.
As discussed over the phone, Please find the attached detailed estimate for product cost & implementation.

Lets us know how you would like us to proceed. Looking forward to working with you.

Regards,
Prashant Verma
+91-9999336281 






